[terra-tag] Create tag-list subcomponent (#3854)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-tag/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added

>   * Added a subcomponent TagList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a new subcomponent, TagList.
```

>   * Prop `onTagClick` in TagList, triggered when tag is clicked with mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added prop `onTagClick` in TagList which takes a callback function that is triggered when the tag is clicked.
```

Reviewer 2: changes done. Thanks

>   * Added prop `onTagClick` in TagList which takes a callback function that is triggered when the tag is clicked.

Reviewer 3: Since you are adding a new subcomponent as mentioned above, no need to mention a specific private prop in changelog.

Reviewer 2: Changes Added. Thanks
